Update README with instructions about dependency from 'arduino-cli' (#137)
arduino/arduino-cloud-cli: README.md

* Install [the latest release](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-cloud-cli/releases).
* A client ID and a secret ID, retrievable from the [cloud](https://cloud.arduino.cc/home/api-keys) by creating a new API key.
* Optional: the command `arduino-cloud-cli device create` requires the `arduino-cli` tool installed on the system. 

>   So, if you plan to create a device on the Arduino Cloud via CLI, you need to install the `arduino-cli` following the instructions at [https://arduino.github.io/arduino-cli/0.32/](https://arduino.github.io/arduino-cli/0.32/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  So, if you plan to create a device on the Arduino Cloud via CLI, you need to install the `arduino-cli` following the instructions at [https://arduino.github.io/arduino-cli/latest/installation/](https://arduino.github.io/arduino-cli/latest/installation/)
```

- Use `latest` in the URL path to automatically redirect to the documentation for the latest release of Arduino CLI instead of pinning to the 0.32.x-specific docs
- Link directly to the installation instructions

Author: Thanks @per1234 for your suggestion, it totally makes sense.
